---
title: "Almost"
date: 2018-01-24T02:00:20+01:00
draft: false
---

>Help, LORD; for the godly man ceaseth; for the faithful fail from among 
the children of men.
>
>Ps 12:1b

---
Finally, finally got back to coding a few lines today! After reading 
about AJAX calls and all that I finally got the post to Hubzilla button 
working with a bootstrap modal asking for the channel before.

So that is working. I even added two more attributes to the Object that 
keeps the quotes and authors, now for credits to the API creators and 
their twitter accounts.

I like to give credit where credit is due.

At the final testing I found out that now the twitter button is defunct. 
Well, the window opens, but when I click "tweet", nothing happens. I 
like to think that's a bug on Twitter's side of things, but I doubt it 
to be so. There will need to be more looking into this tomorrow.

Then there'll be a restructuring of the code, to have some kind of 
database (well, said object that keeps the quote info), some function 
that fills the object with data and updates it, and several output 
functions: To Twitter, to Hubzilla, to the screen with HTML...

I might even end up creating several screen outputs, to play around a 
bit...

You might notice that I dropped GNU.social. I couldn't get to the point 
where I understand their API. Maybe I come back to this, once I'm better 
at reading source code. Then I could look into their code and see what's 
going on. Right now that is beyond my reach - or at least it would take 
way too much time.

In the end there needs to be some polishing on the frontpart that is: 
The HTML and CSS that actually show the quotes. Everything is rather 
upside-down at the moment.

So stay tuned, I guess there is nothing more interesting than waiting 
for this little app of mine to be done ;)
